Docs/animations (#165)
emdgroup-liquid/liquid: src/liquid/global/animations/index.md

---
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Animations
  parent: Globals
layout: layout.njk
title: Animations
permalink: global/animations/
---

# Animations

> Liquid Oxygen comes with out-of-the-box animations, served as Lottie files. You can use them by integrating the [`lottie-player` Web Component](https://github.com/LottieFiles/lottie-player) in your application and simply supplying the path to a self-hosted copy of the Lottie file (JSON format) to it. Just click on the animations below to download their Lottie files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liquid Oxygen comes with animations in form of [Lottie](https://airbnb.design/lottie/) files. You can use them by integrating the [`lottie-player` Web Component](https://github.com/LottieFiles/lottie-player) in your application and simply supplying the path to a self-hosted copy of the Lottie file (JSON format) to it. Just click on the animations below to download their Lottie files.
```
